# License

## Acquiring a License

This is commercial software and a license may be purchased by visiting
[Terrapane](https://www.terrapane.com).  You may download the software and try
it to see if it meets your needs, but please purchase a license if you
find the software useful.  Your financial support is important so we can
continue to improve and enhance this and our other software products.

Use of the software implies understanding and acceptance of the warranty
statement.

### Individual Use

Each individual using the software on his or her computer(s) is required to
purchase a license for continued use of the software.  An individual may use
his or her license on any number of devices owned and operated by that
individual.

### Business, Government, Educational, and Non-Profit Use

For business, government, educational, non-profits, or other non-human entity,
the entity may acquire and assign a license per machine or per individual.
Licenses acquired for an individual within such an entity may be transferred to
another individual within the same entity (e.g., a license acquired for a first
employee may be transferred to a second employee should the first employee
leave the company or otherwise cease using the software).

Licenses are not transferrable to another individual or entity, except as
described in the previous paragraph.

### Machine Use

This clause applies only to business, government, educational, non-profits,
or other non-human entities.

Each computer or machine having no specific human user that uses this software
(e.g., a server or server instance wherein this software is used) must have a
distinct license.

## Warranty

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHOR SHALL NOT BE
HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EITHER
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF DATA OR DATA
BEING RENDERED INACCURATE.
